Add sampling info to Tracing tasks (#3397)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/tasks/telemetry/distributed-tracing/jaeger/index.md

> 1.  To set up Istio, follow the instructions in the [Installation guide](/docs/setup/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  To set up Istio, follow the instructions in the [Installation guide](/docs/setup/)
     and use the `--set tracing.enabled=true` Helm install option to enable tracing.
```

    Use the following Helm install options to enable tracing:
    * `--set tracing.enabled=true`

    {{< warning >}}

> 

Reviewer: No blank lines needed around the text.
```suggestion
```

>     When you enable tracing, you may also want to set the sampling rate that Istio will use for tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you enable tracing, you can set the sampling rate that Istio uses for tracing.
```

>     Set the sampling rate using the `pilot.traceSampling` option. The default sampling rate is 1%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the `pilot.traceSampling` option to set the sampling rate. The default sampling rate is 1%.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1.  When the Bookinfo application is up and running, access `http://$GATEWAY_URL/productpage` one or more times
    to generate trace information.

>     The number of requests you need to send in order to see trace data depends on the sampling rate set at install.

Reviewer 2: at install -> at the time Istio was installed.

Author: Done.

>     By default, the sampling rate is set to 1%, meaning that you need to send at least 100 requests.

Reviewer 2: requets. -> requests before the first trace will be visible.

Author: Done.

1.  When the Bookinfo application is up and running, access `http://$GATEWAY_URL/productpage` one or more times
    to generate trace information.

>     {{< boilerplate trace-generation >}}

Reviewer: Please replace with the numbered steps the readers need to take.

Author: There aren't any numbered steps needed to be taken. This text is merely a further explanation of the first step.
